you know there's so many great things to
do in Austin Texas there's so many
activities and things to see but
sometimes it's also fun to just hang out
and see where the day takes you so gear
when I were walking around town and well
we just happened to wander into a very
special neighborhood what do you want to
do we should do it appeal a Fionna
what's the key line bring the others
that's what we drink tequila and we look
at the pianist
where are we gonna find piñatas in
Austin Texas is that supposed to be a
whistle yeah guys you know where's the
pinata district that way well every time
someone say Piana we drink tequila where
we gonna get to it
[Applause]
[Music]
Wow
[Applause]
how you doing
do you have those things that are like
they're like balloons and then you put
paper mache on them they're colorful and
they come in different shapes they look
like the figures and yeah can you show
us some of them we got all kinds of
pinata for kids parties traditional
pinata has something at that custom made
oh really
hold on pinatas hmm and these don't have
candy in them yet no I see and you put
it in what his behold no why are they
all busy economical okay you did say it
again yeah and while you're keeping
traffic that's not too but it's okay
don't worry
no hold back pinata do you want to kill
a snowman Wow that's the snowman from
frozen huh yes sir
yeah of course these are all officially
licensed
pieces of merchandise yes
yeah Wow the cold doesn't scare me
anymore what that's what they say in
frozen that you're starting to slow down
are ya yeah more peeing out this over
here
well sure it's in my pocket living in
Jana take us to another pinata yeah
[Music]
yeah Wow Jimmy the peanuts under the
view that's been denied that looks like
you yeah they knew we're coming or we
are really hammered right now give
yourself a catch you know I think this
is neither me or JFK I'm not sure let's
go inside and look at something you had
this okay let's go inside we're at a
party
Esther if they have those brothers in
the center point and those that we throw
in the pan
[Applause]
[Music]
Wow mucho sex oh right right oh look at
this we will go on a double date yeah
yeah Hey ladies
hi what are you doing tonight oh she did
say pinion after here right yeah Oh
what's happening here oh my god
this is how they make more pinatas Wow
there's so many Shuki me chalky
oh yeah Wow and if we keep drinking I'm
gonna up Chukyo here hey and you know
you get it right this is funny before
but now it's starting to become a
problem
pinatas
[Applause]
let's go Guinea us now here I'll take
the pig come on little horse let's get
out of here oh I'm gonna take here what
with me - come on grab my head Guillermo
alright thanks guys I see another pinata
store up ahead me - yeah jump Aleen yeah
it's Abilene yeah how are you doing good
oh yeah yeah good to see you
you have those things that are filled
with candies here yes right we have fun
anyway what are those called
you gather yeah salud which one is the
best pinata in the store finish after
quando Jimmy we're gonna have enough
room for all this pinatas we'll make
room we have to make room yeah okay I
like this thing
Thank You Leanne
[Music]
pinata yeah hi hi do you have any
pinatas here yes we do have you have
what pinata pinata
Wow break it I know well you won't want
to break a pinata oh my god what is this
one who is this
oh it is Benoit you may be the kind of
one that they should had that should be
hold on what that's how you hit bin
Laden given my heart knock his head off
that point it just seems like a bad idea
I'm gonna put bin Laden in here what the
hell is this what is this tank the tank
this is a tank I thought it was a fight
no I don't need help I feel hashtag
blessed right now this was a good game I
enjoyed it yeah me too thank you for
being a friend friends forever
[Applause]
with the fact
[Music]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel are you sad that the
video is over will subscribe to our
YouTube channel and he will never be sad
again ever
[Music]